In a nutshell, this is what we're going to be building.
Right.
So as you see, here is a jumble of a lot of different screens, which mean this application is a little
bit complex because there was a lot of screens, which means a lot of moving parts, which means we
have to really think about how we're going to structure this.
That way, it's not too overwhelming.
In fact, I would say that whenever we want to put together an application, it's important to sit down
and figure out how how many screens are going to have.
What are the functionalities, the basic functionalities and so forth.
So it's really important to have a main idea.
In fact, sometimes you can just take a pen and paper to and start to jot down these ideas at these
screens.
So right that way, you have a map per se.
If you look at all of the screens at once, of course it's overwhelming because there's too much, right?
But let's start small.
So what is there we want to do for it?
Well, first of all, we understand that this app will have a splash screen, which means is the first
screen that users will see usually has a fast animation.
And then it takes you to one of these screens.
So the idea is that once we are done with splash screen, we're going to go to the login screen.
If the user has never logged in before, they can go to the create account.
And once all of that is done, either way they will take it, they will be taken to the main screen.
That is the first part, right from the main screen.
That's where we can take users to other places over our application.
Right?
But having this structure here in separate things and think in this terms really, really helps.
Now, of course, I have the benefit that I have created this app already, so I know that we have these
screens, hence we have the screenshots.
So now, because we know there's some complexity to the application because there are different screens,
many different screens, now we have to structure the navigation.
I think that is the first thing that we need to look at.
So that way, we have that structure set up for us.
Okay, let's go ahead and take a look back in our code, our project.
First of all, let's go to our navigation.
We have our navigation.
There's never anything.
Let's add a few things here.
So let's create a Kotlin class, the first class I'm going to create.
Let's call this reader navigation.
We're going to get back to it.
Leave it as it is.
And the next class I'm going to create here, it's going to be an enum class.
So she's going to be a list of items and screens as such.
We'll get back to that, OK, once we have those two classes.
Again, we're going to get back to those.
Let's go to our screens because I want to create those composable first.
First of all, I am going to create a file called reader splash screen such.
There it is.
And then inside here, I'm going to start creating all of other screens that I will have.
So let's start with a few.
And usually what happens is for each screen I like, I like to put inside of a package.
The reason being is because a screen can have multiple files you could have just screen composable could
also have the view models attached to that screen.
So it's just a good idea to create a for each screen that will contain more than one file.
To put that all, to put them inside of their own package.
So let's start by saying home, OK, we have home package when right click create a new one.
I'm going to say search.
We will need that later.
And update.
Stats.
Log in.
Details, if we need more, we'll get there.
Right, so now we're going to create inside of details for you, since you say command and or right
click as I have been doing and create another class.
It's going to be just a file.
That's fine.
Let's start.
Let's call this reader.
Book details,
screen along name.
And here I'm just going to create a composable.
Function called book details.
Screen like this.
And who can live at that?
All right, we're going to get back to that.
And then for a home.
Reader, look at the naming here, naming convention.
Home screen at composable called IS.
Home.
And then do the same again in.
All right, there you go.
And for search, it's a book.
Reader.
Book search screen.
And such for stats.
Same thing.
And we're getting there.
Update.
And there we have it.
All right.
So now we have a structure at least, to have all the screens, right, but we divided all of them into
their separate packages.
OK.
And as your app grows in complexity, this will make more sense and you will be thankful that you have
something like this, a structure like this, because it will be easier to say, OK, I have issues
in home screen.
Then you can come to screens, you go to home right and open up and you can see what's going on.
All right.
So we were putting obviously these are just empty structures at this point.
Looks like our readers splash screen doesn't have anything here.
We can change that.
So at composable,
we are splash.
Screen like this, so everything is now set up, and like I said, all of these screens are empty at
this point, at all composable, they're empty, but we have some sort of a canvas that we can start
putting together that we can start using, especially setting up the navigation in our application.
OK, I'll see you next.